Adds docs for projects/trust Namespace Selector feature (#1038)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/projects/trust.md

      -----END CERTIFICATE-----
  target:
    # Data synced to the ConfigMap `my-org.com` at the key `root-certs.pem` in

>     # every namespace that has the label "linkerd.io/inject=enabled".

Reviewer: nitpick: it might be worth adding this to `content/next-docs/projects/trust.md` as well, but that only matters if this PR goes in before 1.9 and even then it'll be pretty simple for the releaser to fix!

    configMap:
      key: "root-certs.pem"
    namespaceSelector:
      matchLabels:
        linkerd.io/inject: "enabled"
```

Bundle currently supports the source types `configMap`, `secret` and `inLine`,
and target type `configMap`.

#### Namespace Selector

> The target `namespaceSelector` can be used for scoping which Namespaces targets
> are synced to, supporting the field `matchLabels`. Please see
> [here](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#label-selectors)
> for more information and how label selectors are configured.
> 
> If `namespaceSelector` is empty, a bundle target will be synced to all
> Namespaces.

Reviewer: suggestion (non-blocking): a rewording which maybe reads a little smoother and voids a link called "here"; what do you think?

```suggestion
The `namespaceSelector` field in a target reduces the set of Kubernetes namespaces to which that target is synced.

Label selectors are detailed in the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#label-selectors).

If `namespaceSelector` is empty, a bundle target will be synced to all namespaces.
```
